---
title : Proverbs 19:21
published : false
---
<h3>Many are the plans in a person's heart, but it is the Lord's purpose that prevails.</h3>
<h4>Proverbs 19:21 NIV</h4>
<a href = "https://bible.com/bible/111/pro.19.21.NIV">Read It on the Bible App </a>

<p>God is superior to us. His plans are far greater than any we could ever make. Sometimes, His plans may disagree with our plans, but we just have to suck it up and acknowledge God's superiority.</p>
<p>Jonah was a prophet in Bible times. He had been ordered by God to preach to the Ninevites - an evil people.</p>
<p>Jonah came up with a plan; he would set sail on a ship to Tarshish, and never have to carry out God's plan.</p>
<p>But God wasn't about to let Jonah off the hook that easily! He sent a storm to mess with the ship that Jonah was on.</p>
<p>Jonah knew that the storm had been sent because of his disobedience to God, and had the sailors toss him overboard.</p>
<p>Even then, however, he was trying to escape God's will! He thought death was better than preaching to the Ninevites.</p>
<p>God still didn't let Jonah go! He sent a large fish (the Bible never says whether or not is was a whale) to swallow Jonah. And that's what it took to make Jonah follow God's plan.</p>
<p>Even though Jonah tried and tried and tried to escape God and follow his own plan, God's plan still won out.</p>
<p>One last note: did you notice how much Jonah went through? He was caught in a storm, swallowed by a fish, PUKED OUT by a fish, AND he still ended up preaching to the Ninevites. So don't resist God's plan, or you'll regret it!</p>
