---
title : Matthew 6:25
published : true
---
<h3>Therefore I tell you, do not be anxious about your life, what you will eat or what you will drink, nor about your body, what you will put on. Is not life more than food, and the body more than clothing?</h3>
<h4>Matthew 6:25 ESV</h4>
<a href = "https://bible.com/bible/59/mat.6.25.ESV">Read It on the Bible App</a>

<p>God's got everything under control. We don't need to worry about anything, because God will take care of it.</p>
<p>Of course, that doesn't mean that we can just ignore our needs. We still do need food and water and healthy bodies. I'm just saying we don't have to WORRY about those things.</p>
<p>I think this verse is also saying that jobs, food and water, and healthy bodies are things of this world. We shouldn't let them get in the way of ministry or worship. Again, we shouldn't just ignore these things, but we can't let them become idols either. There's more to life than that; we need to focus on God. We must worship Him and minister to others about God. We can't let earthly things get in the way.</p>
<p>Don't worry about earthly things. God has it under control. Matthew 6:28, 31, 33-34 says, “Why do you worry about clothes? See how the flowers of the field grow. They do not labor or spin. So do not worry, saying, ‘What shall we eat?’ or ‘What shall we drink?’ or ‘What shall we wear?’ But seek first his kingdom and his righteousness, and all these things will be given to you as well. Therefore do not worry about tomorrow, for tomorrow will worry about itself. Each day has enough trouble of its own."</p>
